README.md, before:

# React JS Crash Course
Video tutorial [React task tracker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7ejDZ8SWv8)

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

### `npm run build`
### `npm i -g serve` (install basic http server)
### bash: `serve -s build -p 7000`

### `npm i json-server` (install json server locally)
And to run it we add a script call in package.json
"server": "json-server --watch db.json --port 5000"
### `npm run server` (added tasks as json format in db.json file)
Open [http://localhost:5000/tasks](http://localhost:5000/tasks) to view tasks in the browser.


## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

react routing installed , npm i react-router-dom

README.md, after:

# React JS Crash Course
Video tutorial [React task tracker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7ejDZ8SWv8)

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

### `npm run build`
### `npm i -g serve` (install basic http server)
### bash: `serve -s build -p 7000`

### `npm i json-server` (install json server locally)
And to run it we add a script call in package.json
"server": "json-server --watch db.json --port 5000"
### `npm run server` (added tasks as json format in db.json file)
Open [http://localhost:5000/tasks](http://localhost:5000/tasks) to view tasks in the browser

### `npm i react-router-dom` (adding routing to our Application)


## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
